========
LibrePLM
========

Product Lifecycle Management in Odoo
====================================

This application allows to interface a CAD system with Odoo, with a smart integration adding some usefull tools in Odoo.
You will manage 3D Models and 2D Drawings, directly from CAD editors, saving Bill of Materials and Document Relations in Odoo.
This application manages fundamental revisions of Products and Documents, helps to work in Concurrent Engineering applying access policies to documents.
Moreover, it adds reports and views on Bill of Materials or related to them and helps to share 2D documents using PDF embedded.
The feature Compare BoMs helps to understand differences between Bill of Materials; Document Relations shows the relations between files. 
The goal is helping you to understand the impact and effort of changes, before to apply them.
Standard Description and Material or Finishing allow to standardize data, inserting pre-typed ones instead typing them. 

* Key Features :
    * Editor Integration
    * Document Management (Vault)
    * Revision Management
    * Engineering Bill of Materials
    * Document Relationship
    * Spare Parts BoM & Reports
    * Compare BoMs
    * Standard Descriptions
    
    
* Supported Editors :
    * Category : CAD / Mechanical CAD
        * ThinkDesign 2010 (and above)
        * SolidWorks 2011 (and above)
        * Inventor 2011 (and above except 2014)
        * SolidEdge ST3 (and above)
        * AutoCAD 2013 (and above except 2014)
        * UG NX 10  (and above)
        * Catia V.5
        
* Server Requirements :
	* PostgreSQL 9.6 or above
	
* Client Requirements :
    * Windows 10


Server Installation
===================

We suggest to maintain separated custom addon directory from Odoo addons; a simple matter of order to help you on future maintenance.
So we recommend to create /opt/addons and download in it our module. Don't leave module in zip archive (if any), unzip it and remove the zip from /opt/addons.
Add /opt/addons to your "/etc/odoo-server.conf" file at the end of "addons_path" variable. 
Documents uploaded from CAD system will be stored in your Odoo server in a secure Vault, we suggest to configure your server to manage a disk for the repository "document_path"
Restart your odoo server and update module list, in Apps you'll find "Engineering & Lifecycle Management" or filter on Apps using "pdm" key

Supposing your O.S. account will be "odoo", your document repository will be placed in "/srv/filestore" directory, let's install our module (downloaded in /home/odoo/Documents). 
From a terminal let's type:

* # sudo mkdir /srv/filestore
* # chown -R odoo:odoo /opt/addons
* # mkdir /opt/addons
* # cd /opt/addons
* # tar -xvzf /home/odoo/Documents/pdm.gzip
  # unzip /home/odoo/Documents/pdm.zip
  # tar -xvf /home/odoo/Documents/pdm.tar
* # chown -R odoo:odoo /opt/addons

* Configure your /etc/odoo-server.conf
    * # sudo vi /etc/odoo-server.conf
        document_path = /srv/filestore
        data_dir = /srv/filestore/dirdata
        
        addons_path = /opt/server/addons,/opt/server/odoo/addons,/opt/addons
        

Client Installation
===================

Client containing CAD integrations is available to download on SourceForge public repository “https://sourceforge.net/projects/libreplm/files/Client”.
This is an usual Windows installer and requires Windows 10 or above. Download installer on your CAD workstation and run it "as Administrator". 
In order to obtain a version covering Windows 7, please ask it to Didotech srl, writing a mail to "info@didotech.com"


Support
=======

You will need to have a registered account in SourceForge (don't worry, it's free and no spam will be generated by it) to open a ticket.
Open a ticket on `Tickets <https://sourceforge.net/p/libreplm/tickets>`_. Expose your issue, adding files if you think they can help us (3D Models and 2D Drawings).
Remember to explain simply and shortly (but exhaustively) the issue and the the way you followed to obtain it, in this way we can try to replicate in order to solve it.
We will answer to the ticket in the shorter time we can, of course, our answer will solve your issue as faster as your information on it will be complete.


Contact
=======
Please, feel free to contact us for more informations, consultancy, support, customizations and more. 

* `Didotech srl <http://www.didotech.com>`_, a partner before a supplier.
